docs(react-native): UI Cookbook - Call Controls (#843)
GetStream/stream-video-js: packages/react-native-sdk/docusaurus/docs/reactnative/05-ui-cookbook/02-replacing-call-controls.mdx

description: A guide on how to add/remove or replace call controls
---

> The Stream Video React Native SDK allows building your own Call controls view/layout. Call Controls View generally comprises of several buttons that controls the call. Each button controls is own area of responsibilities. Our task, as integrators is to create a component that puts these buttons together as we wish. In this example we intend to show, how to do just that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Stream Video React Native SDK allows building your own Call controls view/layout. Call Controls View generally comprises several buttons that control the call. Each button controls its area of responsibility. Our task, as integrators, is to create a component that puts these buttons together as we wish. In this example, we intend to show how to do just that.
```
